Add caf_ prefix and rm headers (#71)
BerkeleyLab/caffeine: docs/README-maintainers.md

[TODO: Improve wording of below bullets]
* Procedures with `prif_` prefix are public facing procedures
* Procedures with `caf_` prefix are private procedures internal to Caffeine

> * C Procedures without `caf_` prefix must be static

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* C functions and global variables lacking a `caf_` prefix must be `static`
```
